Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.
Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures
Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of the end of the period covered by this report (February 28, 2023). Our disclosure controls and procedures are intended to ensure that the information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as the principal executive and financial officers, respectively, to allow final decisions regarding required disclosures. Based on their evaluation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as of February 28, 2023, the CEO and CFO have concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective.
In the prior fiscal quarter, our CEO and CFO concluded that as of November 30, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting relating to inventory. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, management remediated the material weakness identified in the prior fiscal quarter related to inventory.
The Company incorporated new policies and procedures to effect stronger controls around it's inventory In fiscal 2023. The controls included regular cycle counts including a review of the activity of the items counted to strengthen the timeliness of evaluating the inventory's net realizable value given the changes in market conditions in the Company's industry. Tighter controls were imposed on incoming and outgoing shipments to ensure proper timing of the recording of these shipments. These controls were audited by management to ensure compliance. Given the new procedures and the emphasis on these internal controls, the Company believes it can rely on the internal controls around the proper timing and valuation of the inventory.
The required certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer are included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The disclosures set forth in this Item 9A contain information concerning the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, internal control over financial reporting and changes to internal control referred to in those certifications. Those certifications should be read in conjunction with this Item 9A for a more complete understanding of the matters covered by the certifications.
Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
All internal controls, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of February 28, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") (2013 Framework) entitled "Internal Control- Integrated Framework." Based on such assessment, our management concluded that as of February 28, 2023 our internal control over financial reporting was effective.

38

Table of Contents

This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management's report in this annual report.
Change in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Except for the remediation of the material weakness described above, there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.
Inherent limitations on the effectiveness of controls
An effective internal control system, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error or overriding of controls, and therefore can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to reliable financial reporting. Because of its inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements.
