ITEM 9A.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15I and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) as of the end of the period covered by this report. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and implemented, can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely discussions regarding required disclosure.
Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Disclosure controls and procedures are defined by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act as controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed with the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms.
Inherent Limitations Over Internal Controls
Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that

19

Table of Contents

transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Management is responsible for the consistency, integrity, and presentation of information. We fulfill our responsibility by maintaining systems of internal control designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded, and transactions are executed in accordance with established procedures. The concept of reasonable assurance is based upon recognition that the cost of the controls should not exceed the benefit derived. We believe our systems of internal control provide this reasonable assurance.
The Board of Directors exercises its oversight role with respect to our systems of internal control primarily through its Audit Committee, which is comprised of independent directors. The Committee oversees our financial reporting, quarterly reviews, and audits to assess whether their quality, integrity, and objectivity are sufficient to protect shareholders' investments and meets with the Company's Independent Registered Public Accounting firm at least quarterly.
Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). We performed a review of our related procedures and controls and strengthened cross approval of various functions, including financial reporting and disclosure review controls by the Chief Financial Officer, to include the Chief Executive Officer and Audit Committee Chairperson where appropriate. We report to the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors at least monthly (and more often as necessary). This reporting includes balance sheets, statements of operations, statements of cash flows, and other detail supporting these statements. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024.
This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Our report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permits us to provide only management's report in this annual report.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-13(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
