Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures.

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures: Our principal executive and financial officers reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive and financial officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in timely providing them with material information relating to Titan, as required to be disclosed in the reports we file under the Exchange Act.

In our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, we identified a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting which resulted in the misclassification of issuance costs of approximately $0.4 million related to the issuance of preferred stock during the three months ended September 30, 2023. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that a reasonable possibility exists that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Our management identified a deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting that gave rise to a material weakness. The deficiency primarily related to limited finance and accounting staffing levels not commensurate with our complexity and our financial accounting and reporting requirements. We underwent organizational changes in 2023, including multiple reductions in workforce and operate with a very lean finance and accounting department. This limited staffing resulted in a lack of resources to fully monitor and operate our internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, resulting in a deficiency being discovered during the annual auditing process for 2023.

Notwithstanding the conclusion by principal executive and financial officers that the disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2023 were not effective and the material weakness identified in internal controls over financial reporting described below, management believes that the financial statements and related financial information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as of the dates presented, and for the periods ended on such dates, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (US GAAP).

During 2024, management implemented remediation measures - see below discussion on remediation activities. Based on these actions and testing of their effectiveness, management has concluded that the previously reported material weakness has been remediated, and our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024.

Remediation Activities

Management continues to evaluate the material weakness discussed above, has created a remediation plan that it has already begun implementing and continues to finalize that plan's implementation. For example, we will be hiring a new Chief Financial Officer to oversee our controls environment. We have corrected the deficiency discovered during the annual audit process in 2023 prior to the filing of this annual report this year. There have been no further material misclassifications or adjustments in 2024. Management conducts thorough reviews of the financial statements to ensure accuracy and compliance. Additionally, transactions are kept simple and straightforward, avoiding unnecessary complexity. However, assurance as to when all remediation efforts will be complete cannot be provided and the material weakness cannot be considered remedied until the applicable controls have operated for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. Management cannot provide assurances that the measures that have been taken to date, and are continuing to be implemented, will be sufficient to remediate the material weakness identified or to avoid potential future material weaknesses.

22

(b) Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting:

Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, and effected by our Board, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that:

(1)

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;

(2)

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and directors; and

(3)

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisitions, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting can also be circumvented by collusion or improper management overrides. Due to such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for Titan.

Management has used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control-Integrated Framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), known as COSO, to evaluate the effectiveness of Titan's internal control over financial reporting. Based on this assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024.

(c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting: Other than with respect to the ongoing remediation efforts described above, there were no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13(a)-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Securities Act) during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

We are smaller reporting company and a non-accelerated filer, and therefore our independent registered public accounting firm has not issued a report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting.
