Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our Chief Executive Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current Chief Executive Officer who also acts as our principal accounting officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2024, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer who also acts as our principal accounting officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below.
As of December 31, 2024, we identified a material weakness related to fact that we have not yet designed and maintained effective controls related to our process for recording accrued liabilities, specifically we did not relieve an accrual that was no longer due and payable once it became likely that it would not be due and payable. As previously disclosed in Part II, Item 9A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as of December 31, 2022, we identified a material weakness related to the fact that we have not yet designed and maintained effective controls relating to the presentation of our statement of cash flows, which continues to exist as of December 31, 2024. In addition, as previously disclosed in Part II, Item 9A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as of December 31, 2023, we identified a material weakness related to the fact that we had not yet designed and maintained effective controls relating to the recognition of excise tax liability within our financial statements, which continues to exist as of December 31, 2024.

63

Table of Contents

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.

Management's Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Any system of internal control, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including the possibility that a control can be circumvented or overridden and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected in a timely manner. Also, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time. Accordingly, even an effective system of internal control will provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation.

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") in "Internal Control-Integrated Framework." Based on management's assessment using the COSO criteria, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2024 as a result of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described above.

This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management's report in this Annual Report.

64

Table of Contents

Remediation Plan
We will implement a remediation plan to address the material weakness identified as of December 31, 2024. Our Chief Executive Officer will perform additional post-closing review procedures including confirmation with vendors of amounts owed and outstanding at each period end. As previously disclosed in Part II, Item 9A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, we implemented a remediation plan to address the material weakness identified as of December 31, 2022. Our Chief Executive Officer will continue to perform additional post-closing review procedures including consulting with subject matter experts related to the accounting for marketable securities and stockholder redemptions. Additionally, we implemented a remediation plan to address the material weakness identified as of December 31, 2023. Our Chief Executive Officer will continue to perform additional post-closing review procedures including consulting with tax and legal subject matter experts related to the accounting for stockholder redemptions. The Company's management has expended, and will continue to expend, a substantial amount of effort and resources for the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to properly identify and evaluate the appropriate accounting technical pronouncements, we have improved, and will continue to improve, these processes to ensure that transactions are effectively evaluated in the context of the increasingly complex accounting standards. We plan to continue to enhance our review procedures of evaluating and implementing the accounting standards that apply to our financial statements, including additional analyses by our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting, tax and legal matters. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Other than the matter discussed above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
