Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management conducted an evaluation, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022.

Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.

In designing our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, our management recognizes that any control system, no matter how well-designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Further, the design of our controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations, our disclosure and internal controls may not prevent or detect all instances of fraud, misstatements or other control issues, and our evaluations of disclosure and internal controls cannot provide assurance that all such control issues have been detected. In addition, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of disclosure or internal controls to future periods are subject to risks, including, among others, that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Our management conducted an evaluation, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on this evaluation, due to the lack of an independent board and audit committee and ineffective oversight of the financial reporting process to ensure adequate monitoring and oversight of internal controls, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria set forth by COSO.

Notwithstanding the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, we have concluded that the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with U.S. GAAP.

79

Table of Contents

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by KMJ Corbin & Company LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Remediation Initiatives

In an effort to address the identified material weakness and enhance our internal controls related to our lack of an independent board and audit committee, we continue to maintain our financial reporting process we followed to prepare consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP for audit committee meetings on a quarterly and annual basis. We engage all departments groups to identify risks to the achievement of our goals as a basis for determining how the risks should be managed. Our CEO and sole director will oversee the process to ensure all required disclosures are made in our consolidated financial statements on a quarterly and annual basis.
