Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports
filed or submitted under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Commission's
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act are properly recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods required by the Commission's rules and forms.

We
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of these disclosure controls and procedures, as such
term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), as of December 31, 2023. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2023,
the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, due to the material weakness described below.

In
connection with our December 31, 2022 financial statements, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting. This material weakness was due to a lack of effective controls over certain account analysis and accounting judgments related
to the complex and ambiguous concepts associated with business combination accounting. The business combination that led to the material
weakness was a unique, one-time transaction, where the initial intangible assets initially identified by the Company were not accurate.

As
of December 31, 2023, the material weakness described above was remediated as management of the Company increased the use of external
consultants.

Management's
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States. All control systems contain inherent limitations, no matter how well designed. As
a result, our management acknowledges that its internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore,
even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives.

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria established
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based
on this evaluation, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting was not
effective, due to the material weakness described below.

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. The design and operating effectiveness of our controls were inadequate to ensure that all complex accounting
matters are properly accounted for and reviewed in a timely manner.

During
the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting.

29

In
connection with our December 31, 2022 financial statements, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting. This material weakness was due to a lack of effective controls over certain account analysis and accounting judgments related
to the complex and ambiguous concepts associated with business combination accounting. The business combination that led to the material
weakness is a unique, one-time transaction, where the initial intangible assets initially identified by the Company were not accurate.
As of December 31, 2023, this material weakness was remediated as management of the Company increased the use of external consultants.

In
connection with our December 31, 2023 financial statements, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting. This material weakness is due to a lack of effective controls over the review of certain accounts calculations related to
the tax provision as developed by a third-party service provider. The tax provision is a complex calculation for the Company mainly because
there are several different state tax regulations to take into consideration, the business combination occurred in 2022, and the recent
changes to the tax interest limitation. To remediate this material weakness, management is adding more in-depth review procedures to
the tax provision and either changing the tax third party service provider to a well-recognized tax and audit firm or expanding the federal
and state tax knowledge of the accounting department.

Notwithstanding
the identified material weaknesses in connection with our December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 financial statements, the Company believes
the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly represent in all material respects our financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows at and for the periods presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America.

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Richard
House, Jr., the Company's former Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer, passed away on March 16, 2023. H. Russell
Heiser, Jr., who was the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, was appointed by the Company's Board of Directors to become the
Chief Executive Officer of the Company effective March 20, 2023. In such capacity, Mr. Heiser has been designated as the Principal Executive
Officer, in addition to also being the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company.

Management
is changing the tax third party service provider to a well-recognized tax and audit firm, is adding more in-depth review procedures to
the tax provision, and is investigating expansion of the accounting department in its ongoing remediation efforts of the material weakness
reported by management in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023.

Other
than the remediation of the material weakness in connection with our December 31, 2022 financial statements, the ongoing remediation
efforts of the material weakness in connection with December 31, 2023, and the change in Chief Executive Officer, there were no other
changes in the Company's internal controls over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2023 that have materially
affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

Our
independent auditors have not audited and are not required to audit this assessment of our internal control over financial reporting
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023.
