Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). The Company's internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation
of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2024, using the criteria established in "Internal
Control - Integrated Framework" issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO - 2013").

A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2024, the Company determined that there were control
deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses, as described below.

1.We lack an adequate internal control structure
- Due to the size of the Company we do not have the appropriate control activities, risk assessment procedures, controls over information
and communication, or effective monitoring controls.

2.We do not have appropriate segregation
of duties or adequate accounting resources - The Company has only one employee that does not have sufficient accounting knowledge,
experience, and understanding of US GAAP or SEC rules, therefore no expertise or reviews are in place to ensure adequate financial reporting.
Further, while not being legally obligated to have an audit committee, it is the management's view that such a committee, including
a financial expert member, is an utmost important entity level control over the Company's financial statements. Currently the Board
of Directors acts in the capacity of the Audit Committee, and does not include a member that is considered to be independent of management
to provide the necessary oversight over management's activities.

3.We do not have appropriate information
technology controls - The Company retains copies of all financial data and material agreements; however, there is no formal procedure
or evidence of normal backup of the Company's data or off-site storage of data in the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due
to unmitigated factors. Further there are no IT controls in place to prevent changes to, or misstatement in, financial reporting.

19

Accordingly, the Company concluded that these control
deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company's internal controls.

As a result of the material weaknesses described above,
management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2024
based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by COSO.

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and
procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer
in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management, including
its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting

There has been no change in our internal control over
financial reporting occurred during the year ended January 31, 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
