ITEM 9A.

Controls and Procedures

1.
Disclosure
Controls and Procedures

Our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2024 (the "Evaluation Date"). Based upon that
evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls
and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms
and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

2.
Internal
Control over Financial Reporting

Management's
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for the assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. As defined by the SEC, internal control over financial reporting is
defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of our principal
executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Board, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Our internal control over financial reporting is supported
by written policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements.

10

Our
internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurances to our management and the Board regarding the preparation and fair
presentation of published financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations
which may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance
with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate.

Management
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. In making this
assessment, management used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024.

This
Report does not include an attestation report by the Company's independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company's independent registered
public accounting firm pursuant to rules of SEC that permit the Company to provide only management's report in this Report.

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) identified
in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31,
2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
