Item 9A. Controls and
Procedures

The Company is responsible
for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission's rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's
management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

An assessment was conducted
with the participation of our principal executive and principal financial officer of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures as of November 30, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we
file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules
and forms.

Management's Report
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). The Company's
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the
supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022, using the
criteria established in "Internal Control - Integrated Framework" issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission ("COSO - 2013").

A material weakness is a
deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. In its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022, the Company determined
that there were control deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses, as described below.

1.
We do not have an Audit Committee - While not being legally obligated
to have an audit committee, it is the management's view that such a committee, including a financial expert member, is an utmost
important entity level control over the Company's financial statements. Currently the Board of Directors acts in the capacity of
the Audit Committee, and does not include a member that is considered to be independent of management to provide the necessary oversight
over management's activities.

2.
We did not maintain appropriate cash controls - As of November 30,
2022, the Company has not maintained sufficient internal controls over financial reporting for cash, including failure to segregate cash
handling and accounting functions, and did not require dual signatures on the Company's bank accounts. Alternatively, the effects
of poor cash controls were mitigated by the fact that the Company had limited transactions in its bank accounts.

3.
We did not implement appropriate information technology controls -
As at November 30, 2022, the Company retains copies of all financial data and material agreements; however, there is no formal procedure
or evidence of normal backup of the Company's data or off-site storage of data in the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due
to unmitigated factors.

4.
The Company
lacks segregation of duties.

Accordingly, the Company
concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company's internal controls.

As a result of the material
weaknesses described above, management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
as of November 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control- Integrated Framework issued by COSO.

Changes in Internal Controls
over Financial Reporting

There has been no change
in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the year ended November 30, 2022, that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
