Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and to ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive and financial officers, to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure.

Our management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, as our principal financial and accounting officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As a result of this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 because of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described below.

32

Notwithstanding such material weakness in internal control over financial reporting, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of our operations and our cash flows for the periods presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in conformity with GAAP.

Previously disclosed material weaknesses

The following are material weaknesses that were previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and have been remediated as of December 31, 2022:

•There were ineffective ITGCs in the areas of user access and segregation of duties over certain information technology (IT) systems that support the Company's financial reporting processes. Our business process controls (automated and manual) that are dependent on the affected ITGCs were also deemed ineffective because they could have been adversely impacted.

•There were ineffective controls in the aggregate over parts inventory, including cycle counts, receiving controls, and monitoring of adjustments to inventory.

Throughout 2022, management has implemented measures designed to remediate the identified material weaknesses. The Company's remediation efforts included the following:

•For the material weakness over user access and segregation of duties, we installed, customized, and tested a module within our ERP system to assist with the identification, documentation and monitoring of user access and segregation of duties conflicts. We designed and implemented controls to review the potential financial reporting effects of identified segregation of duties conflicts. Specifically, for each segregation of duties conflict within our ERP system, we determined where manual business process controls were in place and operating effectively to mitigate each conflict, and we performed detective reviews of activity logs to identify if improper user access had occurred where segregation of duties conflicts were not mitigated by manual business process controls.

•For the material weakness over parts inventory, we have enhanced and expanded the design of management's parts inventory count program and the related controls, including management review controls over parts inventory balances and adjustments. We have developed and delivered training programs to educate personnel concerning the requirements of each control impacting parts inventory, including cycle count controls, receiving controls, and the detective review controls of parts inventory balances and adjustments.

Throughout 2022, the Company completed the testing of the design and operating effectiveness of the controls. Management has determined that the controls are adequately designed and are operating effectively and consider these material weaknesses identified in the prior year to be remediated as of December 31, 2022.

Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, as amended. Our internal control over financial reporting includes controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.

The company's management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this evaluation, management determined, based on the existence of the material weakness described below, that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting.

The Company acquired Yale Industrial Trucks Inc. and Ecoverse on July 29, 2022 and November 1, 2022, respectively, and management excluded from its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, the internal controls of the acquired companies, which represent total assets of $129.7 million (or 10% of our total assets) and total revenues of $26.4 million (or 1.7% of our total revenues) included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022.

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

33

As previously disclosed in our December 31, 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, we did not maintain effective controls over the sales process, including proper review and authorization of pricing and discounts, work orders, sales agreements, and rental contracts, which in the aggregate constitutes a material weakness. We believe that these control deficiencies were a result of inadequate policies and procedures over the performance of controls and lack of training around the controls over the sales process leading to the inconsistent control performance across our geographies.

The Company's independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche LLP, who audited the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K issued an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Deloitte & Touche LLP's report is included herein.

2023 Remediation Plans

During 2022, we made progress towards remediation of this material weakness as we have enhanced and expanded our policies and procedures over the performance of controls around the sales process, across all lines of business, including proper review and authorization of pricing and discounts, work orders, sales agreements, and rental contracts. We have designed and implemented detective review controls to identify and address deviations from policies in a timely manner. We have developed and delivered training programs to educate personnel concerning the requirements of each control impacting the sales process.

Management is committed to the remediation of the material weakness described above. We are continuing to further refine our policies and procedures and train our personnel over the performance of controls related to the sales process. We will continue to assess the effectiveness of our remediation efforts in connection with our evaluation of internal control over financial reporting.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Except for the changes in connection with our implementation of the remediation plan discussed above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

34

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Alta Equipment Group Inc.

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Alta Equipment Group Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness identified below on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated March 9, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

As described in Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Yale Industrial Trucks Inc. (YIT) and Ecoverse, which were acquired on July 29, 2022 and November 1, 2022, respectively, and whose financial statements constitute $129.7 million (or 10%) of total assets and $26.4 million (or 1.7%) of total revenues of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting at YIT and Ecoverse.

Basis for Opinion

The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

35

Material Weakness

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in management's assessment:

The Company did not maintain effective controls over the sales process, including proper review and authorization of pricing and discounts, work orders, sales agreements, and rental contracts, which in the aggregate constitutes a material weakness.

This material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company, and this report does not affect our report on such financial statements.

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

Detroit, Michigan

March 9, 2023

36
