ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures

Pursuant
to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"), the Company carried out an evaluation, with
the participation of the Company's management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chief
Financial Officer ("CFO"), of the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under
Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Company's
CEO and CFO concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to the Company's management, including the Company's CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure as a result of continuing material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting.

During
the assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, our management identified material weaknesses related
to the lack of requisite U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) expertise of our Chief Financial Officer and our internal
bookkeeper. This lack of expertise to prepare our financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP without the assistance of the outside
accounting consultant hired to ensure that our financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP constitutes a material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. In order to mitigate the material weakness, we engaged an outside accounting
consultant to assist us in the preparation of our financial statements to ensure that these financial statements are prepared in conformity
to U.S. GAAP. This outside accounting consultant has significant experience in the preparation of financial statements in conformity
with U.S. GAAP. We believe that the engagement of this consultant will lessen the possibility that a material misstatement of our annual
or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis, and we will continue to monitor the effectiveness
of this action and make any changes that our management deems appropriate. We expect to continue to rely on this outside consulting arrangement
to supplement our internal accounting staff for the foreseeable future. Until such time as we hire the proper internal accounting staff
with the requisite U.S. GAAP experience, however, it is unlikely we will be able to remediate the material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting.

7

Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting

The
management of the Company is responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and related financial information appearing
in this Annual Report on Form 10-KT. The financial statements and notes have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. The management of the Company also is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. A company's internal
control over financial reporting is defined as a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Management
does not expect that the Company's disclosure controls and internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. Because of its
inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that
the objectives of the control system are met and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Further, over time control may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

With
the participation of the President and Chief Financial Officer, our management evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based upon the framework in Internal Control -Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation, and due to the identified
material weakness and internal control deficiency as discussed above, and the fact that the Company has failed to stay current in the
filing of required periodic reports with the SEC, our management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company's internal
control over financial reporting was not effective.

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting
firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management's report in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

There
were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter, that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
