ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is processed, recorded, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial and accounting officer) as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of December 29, 2024. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 29, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective because of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described below.

Notwithstanding the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that our consolidated balance sheets as of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended December 29, 2024, present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of our operations and our cash flows for the periods presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in conformity with GAAP.
Previously Disclosed Material Weaknesses
As previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, we identified a material weakness in the Control Activities component of the COSO framework and a material weakness in the revenue accounting process. With the oversight of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, the Company continued to execute its remediation plans in fiscal year 2024 to address these material weaknesses.

As it relates to the material weakness in the Control Activities component of the COSO framework, in fiscal year 2023, we added controls and enhanced existing controls across our accounting and accounting information technology processes, but did not demonstrate sustained operation of those controls during fiscal year 2023. Thus, we were unable to remediate this material weakness as of December 31, 2023. Throughout fiscal year 2024, we operated the controls we added and enhanced in fiscal year 2023 and continued to refine and improve our suite of controls. With this sustained effort, we were able to remediate the previously identified material weakness in the Control Activities component of the COSO framework as of December 29, 2024.

With respect to the revenue accounting process material weakness, in fiscal year 2024 we implemented additional controls supporting the completeness and accuracy of the data used to process revenue transactions. We further enhanced the control attributes supporting the execution of existing management review controls. Despite these improvements, as of December 29, 2024 and through the date of filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K, an inappropriate level of privileged access to the Company's manufacturing application and its databases used in the revenue accounting process remains. IT general controls were not sufficient in design as the Company did not maintain controls over the provisioning and deprovisioning of privileged user access or the monitoring of that access. As data is obtained from these databases to process revenue transactions, IT-dependent manual revenue controls that rely on data from the manufacturing application and its databases were also deemed ineffective because they could have been adversely impacted by the access deficiencies. When aggregating this deficiency with other less severe revenue control deficiencies, we were unable to remediate the revenue accounting process material weakness as of December 29, 2024. While we believe our remediation efforts in fiscal year 2024 have improved the design of our internal control over financial reporting, remediation of the material weakness in the revenue accounting process will require further remediation efforts in fiscal year 2025.
Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP.

The Company's management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, under the oversight of the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 29, 2024, based on the criteria established in Internal Control -- Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Upon completing this evaluation, management concluded, based upon the existence of the material weakness in the revenue
107

accounting process described above and below, that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 29, 2024.

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Throughout fiscal year 2024, the Company improved and added to its suite of process-level controls used in its revenue accounting process. Despite these improvements, in fiscal year 2024, an inappropriate level of privileged access to the Company's manufacturing application and its databases used in the revenue accounting process remains. IT general controls were not sufficient in design as the Company did not maintain controls over the provisioning and deprovisioning of privileged user access or the monitoring of that access. As data is obtained from these databases to process revenue transactions, IT-dependent manual revenue controls that rely on data from the manufacturing application and its databases were also deemed ineffective because they could have been adversely impacted by the access deficiencies. When aggregating this deficiency with other less severe revenue control deficiencies, we determined that the material weakness in the revenue accounting process had not been remediated as of December 29, 2024.

Our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 until we are no longer an "emerging growth company" as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 or a "smaller reporting company" as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act.
2025 Remediation Plans
As described above, remediation of the material weakness in the revenue accounting process will require the Company to design and implement system improvements to either remove the privileged access to the manufacturing application and its databases or develop and implement controls from which changes processed via the privileged access are monitored and evaluated.

As we continue to evaluate and work to remediate the control deficiencies that gave rise to the material weakness in the revenue accounting process, we may determine that additional measures or time are required to address the issues fully, or that we need to modify or otherwise adjust the remediation actions described above. We will also continue to assess the effectiveness of our remediation efforts in connection with our evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting. The material weakness in the revenue accounting process cannot be considered remediated until our remediation plans have been completed and the effectiveness of the remedial actions have been validated.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Except for the completed remediation activities related to our previously identified material weaknesses in the revenue accounting process described above and the remediation of the material weakness in the Control Activities component of the COSO framework that existed as of December 31, 2023, there were no changes during the quarter ended December 29, 2024 in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
