ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.

(a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including its President and Chief Financial Officer, the Managing General Partner of the Partnership evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act")). Based upon that evaluation, the President and Chief Financial Officer of the Managing General Partner concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in applicable rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the President and Chief Financial Officer of the Managing General Partner, in a manner that allows timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

(b) Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.

(i) Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. The Managing General Partner, through its management, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act, and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with US GAAP. Our system of internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Partnership; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with US GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Partnership are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management of the Managing General Partner; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Partnership's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Management of the Managing General Partner performed an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 based upon criteria in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). Based on our assessment, management of the Managing General Partner determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024 based on the criteria in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.

37

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. (Continued)

This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management's report in this annual report.

(ii) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. During the most recent period covered by this report, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
