ITEM 9A.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

We have established disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission and, as such, is accumulated and communicated to our Chief
Executive Officer, Joseph Grimes who serves as our principal executive officer, and our Chief Financial Officer, Don Smith who serves
as our principal accounting and financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Messrs. Grimes
and Smith evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act, as
of December 31, 2022. Based on their evaluation, Messrs. Grimes and Smith concluded that, due to a material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting as described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022.
In light of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting, we completed substantive procedures, including validating
the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used for accounting prior to filing this Annual Report.

These additional procedures have allowed us to conclude
that, notwithstanding the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, the consolidated financial statements included
in this report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods
presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Management's Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO").

12

During its evaluation, management noted certain matters
involving internal control and its operation that we consider to be significant deficiencies or material weaknesses under standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ("PCAOB"). A control deficiency exists when the design or operation
of a control does not allow management or employees, in the normal course of performing their assigned functions, to prevent or detect
misstatements on a timely basis.

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

We noted deficiencies involving lack of segregation
of duties, lack of governance/oversight, and lack of internal control documentation that we believe to be material weaknesses.

Because of this material weaknesses, management concluded
that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria described in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

Remediation of the Material Weakness

We are evaluating the material weaknesses and developing
a plan of remediation to strengthen our overall internal control over financial reporting. The remediation plan will include the creation
and adoption of a formal policy manual specifically dealing with financial controls.

We are committed to maintaining a strong internal
control environment and we believe that these remediation efforts will represent significant improvements in our controls. Some of these
steps will take time to be fully integrated and confirmed to be effective and sustainable. Additional controls may also be required over
time. Until the remediation steps set forth above are fully implemented and tested, the material weakness described above will continue
to exist.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting

There has been no change in our internal control
over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act, during our most recent fiscal quarter ended December 31,
2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Important Considerations

The effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures and our internal control over financial reporting is subject to various inherent limitations, including cost limitations,
judgments used in decision making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the soundness of our systems, the possibility of
human error, and the risk of fraud. Moreover, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions and the risk that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures
may deteriorate over time. Because of these limitations, there can be no assurance that any system of disclosure controls and procedures
or internal control over financial reporting will be successful in preventing all errors or fraud or in making all material information
known in a timely manner to the appropriate levels of management.
